oh yeah me too fucker the whole world
gonna love me oh you to Turner oh shit
net my hey yank so anyway let me I'll
just say hey tampons big dog I'm pretty
big dog for a while now you've ever I
got diary my teeth out look at that look
at that hmm that was entrusted in by
YouTube itself you to pay for that baby
that's one of the first things i bought
sis series nada mas there now since i'm
a partner you know i gotta keep it real
you know that well you know I don't ever
slap that's for me you know you know
it's like i watch what i say you know
but anyway i do want to tell you thank
you all you know since I'm a YouTube
partner I ain't got time to really make
video myself so I just syncing with
Thanksgiving an oncoming you know why
don't I just give you guys like I'm a
pimp your channel out I might do it for
like an hour I might do it for two hours
hell I might just party all night and
party all day and forget about and you
have it all day and night but hey let's
do something you still but this one do
I'm only gonna turn thought the little
people that's why I'm do I'm gonna pimp
out little people so partners sorry but
anything and pick you up seriously
straight up you making some ass no I
know about to change you making no rely
need
don't you see that there's no closing
that you got sign that you can't say you
can say you can say it's all really
breaking some baked it all third we're
gonna go off the chain with this thing
you just put a video out like to check
every two seconds fan fan fan fan fan
just somebody like you just felt like
little little clip with some weird shit
up at your bones and center click boom
you got yourself like 20,000 hits you
know what overnight you know you say
something like Miley Cyrus boom going
brother boom boom you got something off
your chain you can make mad loot I'll do
YouTube being a partner so quit lying on
you you you could say what you making
but you just don't want cuz it's
embarrassing it's embarrassing how much
change we make it being on time it's
embarrassing but anyway he's good to
deal out and so i'll make a video they
got put a video response to this video
but what the video they got to do is
post it after this one being the only
thing I don't want no I'm glad
pre-existing I want you to maybe tell me
why I need a pimp out your channel why
you deserve are you sick what kind of
errands you got what kind of desires and
aspirations and dreams you won't be you
won't via YouTube partner I'll tell you
what you shouldn't have to stop robbing
the shoulders of YouTube bottle before
you wanted you don't even know why I had
to go through the teeth a YouTube
partner it's crazy maddinson same once
you YouTube part of the life nada don't
get any better take from Tampa seriously
just do what you gotta do now I'll
everyone know who's gonna tell my pimp
out and then we can set something up
when every day monk and cleaning fee you
got a video coming out and then you want
me a poster I'm opposed to bunny old
plane that's what we do I I help you out
for a couple hours
maybe a few like i said i'll be out
partying I don't know what could happen
baby I don't know II I could die
something who and then you gotta press
your life alright funny way Pete dowdy
thanks anyways type of things giving be
safe and keep keep watching them videos
p